Oh
what we hear
you
look do something I heard about it's the
contractor the government uses to
provide peacekeepers in Bosnia ozni
you've been hired by democracy curity
represent the US as monitors to the
United Nation we will witness the
rebirth of this country
of course I'm coming back sure yes sorry
I gotta go mom I have a daughter she was
taken away from me I can't change that
maybe I can change what happens to you
I'm looking for a girl she's 15 years
old no passport you know they'll be no
going back off this girl's yours field
so he calls in Beulah my girls there
help me aware Florida Bar Florida Bar
what is that you know the rage awarded
last night local police said they were
taking the girls to the neat said but
they never showed up this involves all
kinds of internationals from military
officers to diplomats there could be
girls willing to testify weary be seen
all international personnel have
immunity that can be prosecuted you come
along with this scandal I don't want a
scandal I'm just doing my job
you've been ordered out of this mission
you can't be serious I'll need the ID
I have a tech this organization I can't
make these girls their contracts worth
billions adults we have a system that
works here for who